# Literature
This file contains a ‘survey’ of the existing literature on Bala-Goyal style agent-based models of scientific interaction. It also includes a first attempt at an abstract for our work.

This literature was kicked off by two papers by Zollman:
- Zollman's first papers demonstrate that lower connectivity can be epistemically beneficial (Zollman, 2007, 2010)

The existing follow-up literature can roughly be divided into three strands:
1. A strand on robustness:
    - robustness under changes in parameter settings (Rosenstock et al., 2016), 
    - robustness under changes in modelling choices (Kummerfeld & Zollman, 2016; Frey & Šešelja, 2018, 2020; 
2. A strand on conformity: (Zollman, 2010; Mohseni & Williams, 2021; Weatherall & O’Connor, 2021; Fazelpour & Steel, 2022)
3. A strand on epistemically impure agents (including financial interests) (Holman & Bruner, 2015; Weatherall, O’Connor & Bruner, 2020)

Below, the literature is separated into high and low priority papers. 

# Abstract attempt
Simulation studies in network epistemology of science have focused on whether and when high connectivity or conformity is epistemically beneficial at the collective level. In contrast, in this talk, we use agent-based models and simulations to study whether and how different network formation mechanisms affect collective epistemic performance. In this way, we aim to complement the existing literature by bringing in the new factor of the network topology. Our study can be divided into a theoretical part and an empirically-informed part. The theoretical approach focuses on networks that are generated by random and preferential attachment. Our results show that higher degrees of random attachment are epistemically beneficial at the collective level. The empirically-informed approach aims to test these theoretical findings using real-world networks regarding X, Y and Z. Starting from such a real-world network, we generate several randomized variants and investigate the comparative epistemic performance of these (counterfactual) networks. These empirical corroborations confirm the theoretical finding: higher degrees of random attachment would also be epistemically beneficial for real-world networks. 

# Required reading

## Zollman. 2007. The Communication Structure of Epistemic Communities


- Results:
    - ‘The surprising result of this analysis is that in many cases a community made up of less informed individuals is more reliable at learning correct answers.’
    - ‘The model suggests that there is a robust tradeoff between speed and reliability that may be impossible to overcome.’
- Notes:
    - The comparison between the wheel and the cycle concerns equal versus unequal connectivity (see Section 3.1 on ‘royal family’). Since the wheel is less reliable than the cycle, it seems like equal connectivity is most reliable. 
    - Zollman considers all possible networks of size 6 and studies strong predictors for reliability. It turns out that *network density* and *clustering coefficient* are strong predictors of reliability.
    - Moreover, *in-degree variance* is not correlated with reliability.
        - ‘suggesting that it is not the centrality of the wheel, but its high connectivity that results in its decrease in reliability’ 
    - Robustness to strings of bad results:
        - “Both of these results suggest that unconnected networks are more robust to the occasional string of bad results than the connected network because those strings are contained in a small region rather than spread to everyone in the network.” 
            - I personally don’t understand the two results that Zollman discusses on page 582-583, but it might be interesting to think about whether and how one could measure robustness to strings of bad results for any given network. The thought is that this might be computationally easier than running tons of simulations (for large networks).
        

## Zollman. 2010. The Epistemic Benefit of Transient Diversity
https://doi.org/10.1007/s10670-009-9194-6 


## Frey and Šešelja. 2018. ‘What Is the Epistemic Function of Highly Idealized Agent-Based Models of Scientific Inquiry?’ 
https://doi.org/10.1177/0048393118767085.

- Main claims:
    - Epistemic function of recent ABMs of scientific interaction is only heuristic or exploratory as opposed to explanatory
    - The how-possibly explanatory value is not epistemically valuable in the case of these ABMs
        - How-actually vs how-possibly: ‘In other words, rather than showing how something actually happens, they show how and under which circumstances the given phenomenon is possible.’
    - The ABMs can become useful as evidential and explanatory roles. 
        - ‘In particular, we illustrate this point by analysing the historical case study on peptic ulcer disease’ (Section 5).
- In Zollman’s model is not how-possibly valuable:
    - It represents just a possibility
    - We are not able to make relevant (or interesting) counterfactual inferences.
- Two types of robustness
    - Changes in parameter settings
    - Changes in idealizing assumptions
- Note: small community size (4-11 agents)


## Frey and Šešelja. 2020. ‘Robustness and Idealizations in Agent-Based Models of Scientific Interaction’
https://doi.org/10.1093/bjps/axy039.
- Focus on the context of difficult inquiry to assess whether connectivity is epistemically suboptimal in difficult inquiries (as Zollman's work suggests). 
- Focus on robustness analysis under changes in the idealizing assumptions. 
- Philosophical relevance: 
    - According to Weisberg (2007): ‘a *minimalist* model contains only those factors that *make a difference* to the occurrence of the phenomenon in question.’ Hence, if the phenomenon is not robust under changes in idealizing modelling choices then, the model is not minimal. 
    - But, the model is still exploratory. Normative insights require empirical callibrations (Martini & Pinto, 2017).
- Adjustments to Zollman's model:
    - Restless bandits (probability of success of theories changes over time)
    - New interaction mechanism:
        - criticism is truth conducive
        - it occurs between proponents of rivalling theories
        - trigger: ‘the receiver of information is affected by criticism every time she corrects her belief about the rivalling theory in a positive direction’
    - Theory choice:
        - Rational inertia towards current theory
        - Threshold below which alternative theories are considered equally promising. 
- Results: 
    - ‘Our results suggest that whether and to what extent the degree of connectedness of a scientific community impacts its efficiency is a highly context-dependent matter since different conditions deem strikingly different results.’
    - Figure 10 gives a nice visualization of their results!

## Rosenstock, Bruner, and O’Connor. 2016. ‘In Epistemic Networks, Is Less Really More?’ 
https://doi.org/10.1086/690717.
- On parameter robustness: the result that decreased connectivity is epistemically beneficial is not robust under changes in parameter settings:
    - the number of researchers
    - the number of experiments (per round)
    - the relative success rates of the two theories.
- Philosophical relevance:
    - ‘When good information is harder to come by, this is exactly the situation in which, for these models, it is potentially useful to decrease the amount of information flowing between agents at each time step.’
    - How-potentially explanations (rather than how-possibly explanations)
        - ‘The models are taken as potentially telling us something about the real world, rather than showing that some phenomenon is possible in principle.’
- Result:
    - ‘Less connectivity can improve inquiry only in a small parameter range in which learning is especially difficult: 
        - situations in which there are relatively few researchers, 
        - relatively small batches of information collected at a time (i.e., frequent social learning), and 
        - small differences between the success of the correct and incorrect theories that the researchers are comparing.’
    - ‘When inquiry is easier, decreased connectivity simply slows learning and provides no particular benefits.’
        - In particular, when relative success rates >0.025.
        - Benefits quickly vanish as the group size increases (at about 50). 
- Note
    - Restricted to the wheel and complete network
    - Restricted to network size of 4 to 100

# Optional reading?

## Kummerfeld, and Zollman. 2016. ‘Conservatism and the Scientific State of Nature’. 
https://doi.org/10.1093/bjps/axv013.
- Adjustments to Zollman's model:
    - Scientists can intentionally keep pursuing the worse theory
    - $\epsilon$-greedy agents instead of Bayesian agents.
- Results:
    - 

## Fazelpour and Steel. 2022. ‘Diversity, Trust, and Conformity: A Simulation Study’.
https://doi.org/10.1017/psa.2021.25.
- One of the most recent publications using the two-bandit model. 
- On diversity and conformity

## Zollman. 2010. ‘Social Structure and the Effects of Conformity’. 
https://doi.org/10.1007/s11229-008-9393-8.
- On conformity

## Mohseni and Williams. 2021. ‘Truth and Conformity on Networks’
https://doi.org/10.1007/s10670-019-00167-6.


## Weatherall and O’Connor. 2021. ‘Conformity in Scientific Networks’.
https://doi.org/10.1007/s11229-019-02520-2.
- On conformity


## Holman, and Bruner. 2015. ‘The Problem of Intransigently Biased Agents’. 
- Focus on adding intransigently biased agents (i.e., epistemically impure agents due to, e.g., financial interests) to a community of truth-seekers. 
- Focus on solution involving endogenous network formation.
- Results
    - Adding epistemically impure agents: higher connectivity leads to higher efficiency.
    - Adding endogenous network formation drastically increases efficiency. 

## Weatherall, O’Connor, and Bruner. 2020. ‘How to Beat Science and Influence People: Policymakers and Propaganda in Epistemic Networks’
https://doi.org/10.1093/bjps/axy062.
- On financial incentives

